Clarrify community != support (#621)
mintlify/docs: quickstart.mdx

    "openapi": "link-to-your-openapi-file"
    ```

>     1. Use our [scraper](/api-playground/openapi/setup#autogenerate-files-recommended) to autogenerate your OpenAPI endpoints files as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Use our [scraper](/api-playground/openapi/setup#autogenerate-files-recommended) to autogenerate your OpenAPI endpoints files as:
```

    ```bash
    npx @mintlify/scraping@latest openapi-file <path-or-url-to-openapi-file>
    ```

>     1. Finally, include the generated endpoint MDX files to your `docs.json` under `navigation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Finally, include the generated endpoint MDX files to your `docs.json` under `navigation`.
```

### Publishing

<Accordion title="Adding a custom domain" icon="star">
  Integrate your docs into your website by hosting them on a custom domain. This is included in the free plan.

  Navigate to your [dashboard settings](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/settings) to add a custom domain.

  <Frame>
    ![Custom Domain](/images/custom-domain.png)
  </Frame>
</Accordion>

> Congrats\! You've set up your Mintlify Docs and they're on the way to looking amazing\!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congrats, you've set up your documentation on Mintlify\!
```
